In the last lecture we finished this new place page here on this forum.
Now I want to be able to pick a location and I'll start with the manual selection of a location.
Now for this I'm going to add a third party package to this project because I'm going to use England
to package which allows us to use Google maps in our angler to repr and therefore also in our ionic
to app I can add this package we're running.
And Pieman store so install it through NPM dash dash save to also store entry in the package adjacent
file and then the name of the pectus Engler to Google Maps.
So this will pull down these English to Google Maps package as you may have guessed by the name and
we've said we're good to go and to include it in our app now included in our app.
I'll start working on the set location page which is the page will open which will hold as Google Maps
snippet or does Google Maps part where we can then tab on the map to select the location.
So open the template and removed is comment here.
Change the title to maybe say choose location and then in the content field here in the content of this
page I'm going to add iron grids to nicely structure to content with the eye and roll.
And then I'd call them as of as always.
And then we want to include such the map extract here.
Since we installed this first party package we have a new component we can use.
It's called SLBM.
That's the offer of this package.
Google Map enter does component here.
And again this component was added by this English to Google Maps package and this will create such
map extract on our screen.
Now if we add this on its own like this we wouldn't see anything in order to see something we need to
go to our s.c.s file and change the styling of this.
So here we going to use the same selector as the IBM Google map and we have to set a height.
This is mandatory.
You can find more information in the official docs office package but this is mandatory to be set.
Otherwise you won't see anything.
I'm going to choose a height of 250 pixels and you can of course play around with this value.
Now in order to see if this actually changes something and if we are already able to see a map let's
save this.
And let's now go to the place HDMI file see which method we called here on open map and let's implement
this method in the app place page component here because here I now want to open this map.
I want this set location map.
I just said location page.
I just worked on Therefore here the goal is to open a set location page.
I will do this through a mobile.
So here in the constructor I'll simply inject the modal controller so to simply open this as an overlay
instead of a new page on the navigation Steg WIPs.
Let's add de-construct like this with this object that also makes sure to import modal controller from
ionic angler and an on open map.
I'll then create this model with the modal controller and to create Meffert and pass the set location
page as an argument.
As you learned it make sure you also import this page at the top thereafter.
So with this edit i can now pre-sent the modal and this should already allow us to see there's motile
and the map on it.
Notice that I on ex-service still running for me here.
So if I go back to the plage we see some error here.
The reason for this is that adding this element does Google map element like this is not enough.
This alone won't do the trick.
Instead we also have to configure it and we do it as in the app module.
Here we have to add something to imports and this is called AGM core module.
This is exposed by angler's to Google maps so you can import from England to the maps slash chord.
Make sure to add this import angler to Google Maps slash chord.
And this has a for root method we can execute where we have to pass some configuration in order to use
the Google Maps API.
We have to get an API key.
So let's get such a key together now.
Now you can find out how to get such a keep by visiting the official Englert you Google Maps documentation
simply go to England maps dot com.
There's a D page of this package and then click on getting started there.
If you scroll down a bit to the installation part and then to setting it up you'll find a link on how
to get this API key.
It said developers dot Google dot com slash maps slash documentation slash Chalis strips slash get Ebby
keep your L and there you have this nice button get a key if you click on this.
You have to select the project and you will see your firebase project's Europe because firebase is part
of Google and therefore are closely linked.
But you can also create a new project in there and create this project and enable the API.
So let's do this year and we're done.
This is your API Keizer make sure to copy your Kieta one you generated.
Canonically helpful copy but now you're on the right and then go back to your project and you need to
add this key here.
Now as for rules in this Optik you're passing to forward on HCM coord module at a property named API
here.
And this naming is important it's the insert word.
So capital K and lowercase a at the beginning and then as a string entry your AP Ickey the one you just
copied.
Now we have to someplace if you now save this and let it recompile.
Now the app should work correctly as you can see if you go no go no go backload low click on new place
and now click select on map.
It opens up and does this Google Maps.
It's just centered somewhere in the ocean so that is why it's all blue at the beginning.
But you see you have a working app here.
Now we're going to refine this in the next lectures.
But the nice thing is this is working daises are working snippet of course we can't dismiss the mold
model and all this.
So we're going to work on this at the first step has been taken